Runtime and endpoint reference (#386)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/enabling-the-single-model-serving-platform.adoc

> . Enable pre-installed runtimes for the single-model serving platform as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
. Enable preinstalled runtimes for the single-model serving platform as follows:
```

.. In the left menu of the {productname-short} dashboard, click *Settings* -> *Serving runtimes*. 
+

> The *Serving runtimes* page shows any custom runtimes that you have added and some pre-installed runtimes. 

Reviewer: Just wondering if there's a better word to use that "some". 
Something like:
The *Serving runtimes* page shows any custom runtimes that you have added along with pre-installed runtimes.

Author: ```suggestion
The *Serving runtimes* page shows preinstalled runtimes and any custom runtimes that you have added. 
```
@chtyler Does swapping these around help?

Reviewer: looks good, em!

+
ifdef::upstream[]

> For more information about pre-installed runtimes, see link:{odhdocshome}/serving-models/#ref-supported-runtimes_serving-large-models[Supported runtimes].

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about preinstalled runtimes, see link:{odhdocshome}/serving-models/#ref-supported-runtimes_serving-large-models[Supported runtimes].
```

endif::[]
ifndef::upstream[]

> For more information about pre-installed runtimes, see link:{rhoaidocshome}{default-format-url}/serving-models/serving-large-models_serving-large-models#ref-supported-runtimes[Supported runtimes].

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about preinstalled runtimes, see link:{rhoaidocshome}{default-format-url}/serving-models/serving-large-models_serving-large-models#ref-supported-runtimes[Supported runtimes].
```
